hi
anybody here I'm home early from school
hey on top of the table my mom left a
note I'll check what it says and see
what you know it says
dear Barra
I hope school went well
I hope that your Rebbe did not have to
yell Murray brings you good things to
eat from in the mail boxes of cookies
and candy treats I won't let them get
stale perfumes and pickles and every
cast
good
on each one it says a rush and be
careful don't crush bring it with Arthur
waste I hear in my box and sunshine snow
or rain and though the thing that I do
desk complain complain complain
you
I love the catch and took a play if now
it's nice it's gonna read
adjust ammo it's such a strange
so Fletch along and sing my song like
that Jalan so I'll be grateful that you
got a place to stay
sleeping outside on a stack of a
during your friends give a call make
sure that comes along let them know
about it on the phone
even if you're squashed in like sardines
and all you can afford are jelly
serve some drinks and good food so
Hashem see gratitude for giving you a
place to call your own
at 3 o'clock at my house we gather
together so come with your pigeons and
birds of a feather hello I'm a tailor
and my name is labour and this is my
steward and my in solving table could
you do me a favor and stop for just one
minute in mine
but label I really can't slow down a
drop I'm preparing a sim car and I just
can't stop well what do you say
Xan I'll bring my kazoo to the wedding
and play till a Russian and color stock
hearing her a great seve I said it and I
meant it it will be the kazuya's simcha
ever invented
I hope it's not too upsetting when he
finds out it's not a wedding say look
who's coming down there it's my cousin
Milly hi Millie
how's Uncle Willie oh he's Bo I shan't
5boro
and so is that Lily that's great and
how's your two-year-old brother
Schmidty oh he acts all silly he runs
out with his diapers when it gets chilly
he pours milk in a cup until it gets
Pelle jumps up and down like a wild
gorilla and shrieks with the voice
so shrilly that we call him wild Billy
instead of smelly when we finish a
portion of the
for us with our Rebbe or ammo to show
what we started to learn is now people
apply showmanship at mission is as long
as you finish the thing that you have a
bishop a technician is this is that you
actually can cool off it is you learn
and teach your friends learning is so
important it is a mitzvah than ever
Oh